_pages/teaching.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Teaching"
permalink: /teaching/
author_profile: true
---

## Supervised student projects
### Master's theses
* Joel Bjervig, Uppsala University, 2022 (industrial master's student with Scania).
* Julia Freytag, RWTH Aachen University, 2022.
* Tom Jericho, RWTH Aachen University, 2022 (industrial master's student with VW).
* Bhavya Sukhija, ETH Zürich, 2021 (awarded with the ETH medal for outstanding master's theses).
* Hannah Markgraf, RWTH Aachen University, 2021 (main supervisor: [Emma Pabich](https://www.dsme.rwth-aachen.de/cms/DSME/Das-Institut/Team-CMS-Artikel-/~jlrop/Emma-Pabich/lidx/1/)).
* Niklas Funk, ETH Zürich, 2020 (awarded with the ETH medal for outstanding master's theses).
* Erik Hörmann, Sapienza University of Rome, 2020.
* Jose Mario Mastrangelo, ETH Zürich, 2019.
* Oleksandr Zlatov, University of Tübingen, 2018.

### Bachelor's theses
* Lukas Kesper, RWTH Aachen University, 2022.
* Yannick Streicher, University of Tübingen, 2021.

## Lectures, Tutorials

### Course "Automatic Control II," Uppsala University, Sweden, 2022
Teaching assistant, teaching of exercise lectures.

### Course "Reinforcement Learning," Uppsala University, Sweden 2022
Design and teaching of two lectures on exploration theory, and recent advances and challenges of reinforcement learning.

### Tutorial "An Introduction to Artificial Intelligence," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Design and teaching of four lectures as part of the summer school  "Production Technology meets Industry 4.0."

### Seminar "Ethics of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Planning, organization, and conductance of a new seminar covering ethical and societal impacts of artificial intelligence and robotics.

### Course "Computer Science in Mechanical Engineering II," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Teaching assistant, material design and teaching of exercise lectures.

### Course "Statistical Learning Methods and Stochastic Control," University of Stuttgart, Germany, 2019
Design and supervision of a project for a group of three students.

### Tutorial "Introduction to Control Theory," Arosa, Switzerland, 2018
Preparation and presentation of Python examples. The tutorial was part of a winter school of the DFG Priority Program on "Cyber-physical Networking."

### Course "Mathematics for Electrical Engineering," TU Dresden, Germany, 2013-2016
Teaching exercise lectures for groups of up to 50 engineering students.

Commit message:

published paper, teaching updates, new profile picture

_pages/teaching.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Teaching"
permalink: /teaching/
author_profile: true
---

## Current teaching

I am currently teaching the courses
* [Digital and Optimal Control](https://mycourses.aalto.fi/course/view.php?id=39450)
* [Control of Networked Multi-agent Systems](https://courses.aalto.fi/s/course/a057T00000IdbOxQAJ/networked-control-of-multiagent-systems?language=en_US)
in the Electrical Engineering and Automation master with major Control, Robotics, and Autonomous Systems at Aalto University. For details, check the course pages!

## Supervised student projects
### Master's theses
* Joel Bjervig, Uppsala University, 2022 (industrial master's student with Scania).
* Julia Freytag, RWTH Aachen University, 2022.
* Tom Jericho, RWTH Aachen University, 2022 (industrial master's student with VW).
* Bhavya Sukhija, ETH Zürich, 2021 (awarded with the ETH medal for outstanding master's theses).
* Hannah Markgraf, RWTH Aachen University, 2021 (main supervisor: [Emma Pabich](https://www.dsme.rwth-aachen.de/cms/DSME/Das-Institut/Team-CMS-Artikel-/~jlrop/Emma-Pabich/lidx/1/)).
* Niklas Funk, ETH Zürich, 2020 (awarded with the ETH medal for outstanding master's theses).
* Erik Hörmann, Sapienza University of Rome, 2020.
* Jose Mario Mastrangelo, ETH Zürich, 2019.
* Oleksandr Zlatov, University of Tübingen, 2018.

### Bachelor's theses
* Lukas Kesper, RWTH Aachen University, 2022.
* Yannick Streicher, University of Tübingen, 2021.

## Past Lectures and Tutorials

### Course "Automatic Control II," Uppsala University, Sweden, 2022
Teaching assistant, teaching of exercise lectures.

### Course "Reinforcement Learning," Uppsala University, Sweden 2022
Design and teaching of two lectures on exploration theory, and recent advances and challenges of reinforcement learning.

### Tutorial "An Introduction to Artificial Intelligence," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Design and teaching of four lectures as part of the summer school  "Production Technology meets Industry 4.0."

### Seminar "Ethics of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Planning, organization, and conductance of a new seminar covering ethical and societal impacts of artificial intelligence and robotics.

### Course "Computer Science in Mechanical Engineering II," RWTH Aachen University, Germany, 2021
Teaching assistant, material design and teaching of exercise lectures.

### Course "Statistical Learning Methods and Stochastic Control," University of Stuttgart, Germany, 2019
Design and supervision of a project for a group of three students.

### Tutorial "Introduction to Control Theory," Arosa, Switzerland, 2018
Preparation and presentation of Python examples. The tutorial was part of a winter school of the DFG Priority Program on "Cyber-physical Networking."

### Course "Mathematics for Electrical Engineering," TU Dresden, Germany, 2013-2016
Teaching exercise lectures for groups of up to 50 engineering students.
